# Parsec Community Meeting (15/09/2020) ðŸ“‹

## Attendance

- Joe Ellis
- Darragh Grealish
- Paul Howard
- Marc Meunier
- Adam Parco
- Hugues de Valon

## Agenda

1. Fresh news on Parsec work

## Minutes

- Main current Parsec focus is on the [production
   ready](https://github.com/orgs/parallaxsecond/projects/1?card_filter_query=milestone%3A%22Parsec+production+ready%22)
   milestone.
- Big items to come is [supporting a SPIFFE based
   authenticator](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/parsec/issues/232) and [adding compatibility
   with Arm Firmware Framework for Armv8-A
   (FF-A)](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/parsec/issues/247).
- Darragh and Marc explained the context around their [CNCF webinar
   presentation](https://www.cncf.io/webinars/arm-developer-experience-spanning-cloud-5g-and-iot/).
   Description of the 5G and IoT use case.
- Presentation on a demo by Darragh using Parsec and the Parsec Rust Client.
- Feedback discussion on the use of Parsec.
- Discussion about a demo where Parsec and the clients run in different docker containers. Might
   help with the installation process.
- Discussion about already existing community integrations:
   - With Pelion Device Management:
      [doc](https://developer.pelion.com/docs/device-management/current/connecting/tutorial-connect-tpm.html),
      [demo](https://developer.pelion.com/docs/device-management-provision/1.2/ft-demo/prerequisites.html#using-parsec-platform-abstraction-for-security-apis-to-work-with-a-software-trusted-platform-module-tpm)
   - With the [DBus Parsec Interface](https://github.com/fedora-iot/dbus-parsec)
   - Integration with Fedora planned for [Fedora IoT
      33](https://fedorapeople.org/groups/schedule/f-33/f-33-key-tasks.html)
- Interest about having an integration with Kubernetes, for secure communication between pods

*Copyright 2020 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
