# Parsec Community Meeting (29/09/2020) ðŸ“‹

## Attendance

- Simon Frost
- Paul Howard
- Marc Meunier
- IonuÈ› Mihalcea
- Patrick Uiterwijk
- Hugues de Valon

## Agenda

1. Fresh news on Parsec work
2. Discuss Patrick Uiterwijk's request to become a contributor for rust-tss
3. The new installation paths in Parsec
   ([reference](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/parsec/issues/250))

## Minutes

- Check the [board](https://github.com/orgs/parallaxsecond/projects/1) to see what's cooking!
- The [Keylime Rust Agent](https://github.com/keylime/rust-keylime) is planning to use the
   `tss-esapi` crate. The `tss-esapi` needs to be enhanced with the features that the Keylime agent
   needs. See the corresponding issue [here](https://github.com/keylime/rust-keylime/issues/89).
- Patrick Uiterwijk is currently tackling this work and plans to send pull-requests to the
   `rust-tss-esapi` repository soon.
- It has been approved for Patrick to have the Write role, it will be recorded with [this
   issue](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/rust-tss-esapi/issues/130).
- Waiting for final look on the installation paths PRs before they are merged. See
   [here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/parsec/issues/250) for an overview.

*Copyright 2020 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
