# Parsec Community Meeting (01/09/2020) ðŸ“‹

## Attendance

- Hugues de Valon

## Agenda

1. Major news on Parsec work
2. Ongoing Parsec related projects with partners

## Minutes

- Asymmetric encryption/decryption [available](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/parsec/issues/224)
   in the PKCS#11 provider

The following projects are currently happening:

- Parsec is planned to be included as part of [Fedora
   33](https://fedoraproject.org/wiki/Changes/PARSEC)
- A Demo of Parsec on multiple products with different root of trust running Fedora. ETA: Recordings
   to take place in Sept. and released in time for Dev Summit 2020. Story line: leverage Parsec for
   network credentials tied to RoT.
- PARSEC consuming SPIFFE/SPIRE as identity provider. Meeting with SPIFFE team Aug. 20th to review
   request raised to SIG. Description of [issue
   raised](https://github.com/spiffe/spiffe/issues/132). Check [Meeting #70 for
   notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1WyB34qdYZSmC38NcQUH5_Qvjlt2TKgwZpfVU97qyNVA/edit).
   Outcome: Demo Showing multi-tenant using SPIFFE ID. Goal: Looking to pull together a PoC. ETA:
   KubeCon America in November.
- SPIRE consuming PARSEC as HW RoT abstraction. We've had several meetings with the HPE team. Last
   one on Aug. 13th.

*Copyright 2020 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
