# Parsec Community Meeting (08/06/2021) ðŸ“‹

Minutes of previous meeting are stored
[here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/community/tree/main/minutes).

## Attendance

- Paul Howard
- Patrick Uiterwijk

## Agenda

1. No agenda items posted this week

## Minutes

- Short call this week - no general developer update due to contributors being on leave.
- Patrick is aware of the key attestation design proposal and is hoping to be able to look at it
   later this week. It may be possible to have a review session in next week's instance of the
   community meeting.

*Copyright 2021 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
