# Parsec Community Meeting (04/05/2021) ðŸ“‹

Minutes of previous meeting are stored
[here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/community/tree/main/minutes).

## Attendance

- Paul Howard
- Marc Meunier
- Ionut Mihalcea
- Hugues de Valon

## Agenda

1. Parsec Stability: an overview

## Minutes

- The slides are available [here](../docs/04-05-2021-parsec-stability.pdf)
- slide 7: other direction (deserializing old data with new interface) OK with new fields as well.
   They will be set to their default value. They must be optional and their default value handled.
- all 10 stability requirements to be prioritised with their severity. Will be done in the backlog
   directly.
- what is presented for 1.1 and 5 are more features than strict requirements for a baseline
   stability. To be separated and maybe done later in another subproject. Not strictly necessary for
   stability.
- For 1.1, the main things are ensuring that there is no breaking changes on the protobuf contracts
   (check tools for that) and that the good `PsaErrorNotSupported` error is returned.
- For 5, test reading a lot of key mappings. Also useful to test the behaviour of old keys to make
   sure it is as expected (for example if we change how the policies are implemented).

*Copyright 2021 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
