# Parsec Community Meeting (26/10/2021) ðŸ“‹

Minutes of previous meeting are stored
[here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/community/tree/main/minutes).

## Attendance

- Anton Antonov
- Wiktor Kwapisiewicz
- Ionut Mihalcea

## Agenda

- Update on work ongoing in Parsec project

## Minutes

- Work underway to implement ActivateCredential key attestation:
   - PR up for the changes in Parsec interface
   - PR pending for the TSS crate changes; will be followed by the Parsec service patch
- Work on CanDoCrypto implementations also underway:
   - The PKCS11 implementation has been refactored
   - TPM and TS implementations are pending
      - They will probably include a second refactoring of the PKCS11 implementation to allow common
         code to be reused instead of duplicated
- No advances on the Yocto + Trusted Services front

*Copyright 2021 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
