# Parsec Community Meeting (05/10/2021) ðŸ“‹

Minutes of previous meeting are stored
[here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/community/tree/main/minutes).

## Attendance

- Anton Antonov
- Paul Howard
- Wiktor Kwapisiewicz
- Marc Meunier
- Ionut Mihalcea

## Agenda

- Discuss roadmap for v0.9.0:
   - SQLite KIM
   - TPM attestation implementation
   - keypair importing in TPM provider

## Minutes

- We're still not sure when/what to release and we need to decide this first. There isn't a clear
   picture yet of which way the problem of date-based vs feature-based releases leans.
- We need to decide on some sort of guiding principles for deciding what goes into the next release.
- At the moment we could still be expecting blowback from the 0.8.1 release, but for this we can
   just spin that out in its own branch and release from there any "emergency releases". This needs
   to be a conscious decision.
   - We already have several repos where this sort of process is used, but it's new for the Parsec
      service, and the service has more nuanced requirements as it sits at the top of the dependency
      chain.
- Target for next week's meeting: clean up the backlog of issues so that we can go through them and
   prioritize.

*Copyright 2021 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
