# Parsec Community Meeting (12/01/2021) ðŸ“‹

## Attendance

- Paul Howard
- Marc Meunier
- Ionut Mihalcea
- Hugues de Valon

## Agenda

1. Fresh news on Parsec work
2. Should we try to persuade the [OSS Fuzz](https://google.github.io/oss-fuzz/) maintainers to add
   Parsec to the projects they test? They state that they require projects "to have a significant
   user base and/or be critical to the global IT infrastructure"
   [(link)](https://google.github.io/oss-fuzz/getting-started/accepting-new-projects/) - would we
   qualify?

## Minutes

- `ListClients` and `DeleteClient` operations are being added
- The `admin` feature is being added
- It would be great to have a testing infrastructure where Parsec fuzzing tests are run. We might
   need to refactor/improve our fuzzing tests before. Seeing that Parsec does not currently have a
   significant codebase we might want to defer that for now.
- We will need to decide/investigate the possible testing option of the CryptoAuthLib provider in
   Parsec.

*Copyright 2021 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
