# Parsec Community Meeting (25/05/2021) ðŸ“‹

Minutes of previous meeting are stored
[here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/community/tree/main/minutes).

## Attendance

- Paul Howard
- Marc Meunier
- Ionut Mihalcea
- Hugues de Valon

## Agenda

1. Review of the 0.8.0 milestone

## Minutes

- The 0.8.0 milestone seems on good tracks for completion on time.
- The [Key Attestation Design](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/parsec/issues/370) could be added
   in a new RFC category in the book or the community repository.
- This issue will be kept open until some date before 0.8.0 code freeze to leave time for review.
- Discussion necessary with Red Hat to know what is the expected behaviour of the [optional provider
   feature](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/parsec/issues/401) as Mbed Crypto [is
   set](https://src.fedoraproject.org/rpms/parsec/blob/f34/f/config.toml) as default provider.
- [Discussion started](https://github.com/ockam-network/ockam/discussions/168) with the Ockam
   project.

*Copyright 2021 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
