# Parsec Community Meeting (02/03/2021) ðŸ“‹

Minutes of previous meeting are stored
[here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/community/tree/master/minutes).

## Attendance

- Marc Meunier
- Paul Howard
- IonuÈ› Mihalcea
- Hugues de Valon

## Agenda

- Agreeing on the new Rust PKCS #11 abstraction crate name
- [Proposal for a mock service](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/parsec/issues/350)

## Minutes

- [`parsec-tool`](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/parsec-tool) version `0.2.0` was tagged.
   Contains all the latest development.
- Code coverage was set up on [codecov.io](https://codecov.io/gh/parallaxsecond) for Parsec, the
   Rust client and the TSS crate.
- `rust-cryptoki` repository to be created to hold `cryptoki` and `cryptoki-sys` crates containing
   the Rust PKCS #11 wrapper.
- Mock service proposal to be discussed [here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/parsec/issues/350)
- Video series on installing Parsec on a Raspberry Pi targeting different crypto backend is being
   created. Videos to be posted on the Arm Developper YouTube channel.
- The video series will also be linked from the Parsec webpage, which is being written!

*Copyright 2021 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
