# Parsec Community Meeting (06/04/2021) ðŸ“‹

Minutes of previous meeting are stored
[here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/community/tree/master/minutes).

## Attendance

- Paul Howard
- Marc Meunier
- Ionut Mihalcea
- Hugues de Valon

## Agenda

1. Meeting is on London time, should it be GMT?
2. Top-down review of the book -> are categories ok?
3. Release branch strategy
4. Your item

## Minutes

1. The meeting time is 4.30PM UK timezone. It will not map GMT in the summer. It could be UTC (same
   as GMT). Some precedence in other community meetings being on regional timezones. Leave it as it
   is for now. Reminder for meetings just before they start.
2. Parsec presenting at the Confidential Compute Technical Advisatory meeting this week. Overview of
   Parsec and inviting connections.
3. Top-level sections for different readership. Specific section for system administrators?
   Installation instructions for the different Linux distributions. [GH
   issue](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/parsec-book/issues/109) to consider a new TL structure.
   Link specific sections from the website (but links might not stay valid all the time).
4. Put the documentation in the Parsec website. Work to be done by us in a PR.
5. Announcing Nixu cybersecurity company as a new Parsec partner.
   [PARTNERS.md](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/parsec/blob/main/PARTNERS.md) file to be updated.
6. Put non-breaking changes on `5.x.y` when they are merged on `main`. Breaking change label can
   help identify PRs with breaking changes. Conflicts will have to be handled manually. It is
   possible to release new minor versions in parallel of major versions.

*Copyright 2021 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
