# Parsec Community Meeting (03/08/2021) ðŸ“‹

Minutes of previous meeting are stored
[here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/community/tree/main/minutes).

## Attendance

- Matt Davis
- Paul Howard
- Marc Meunier
- Ionut Mihalcea
- Doug Richmond
- Hugues de Valon

## Agenda

No specific agenda

## Minutes

- Releases going well, few more to do.
- The communication of the release will be a mixture of everything: on the channel and also direct
   contact.
- Done as soon as the release candidate is out.
- Warn Pelion as well.
- About the design proposals. KIM good outline of what needs to be done.
- Parsec website could be announced with release.
- Intersection with Parsec and FIDO could be interesting. Where Parsec could add value in the FIDO
   project? Possible agenda item.
- Rust reference implementation of FIDO from RedHat.

*Copyright 2021 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
