# Parsec Community Meeting (26/01/2021) ðŸ“‹

## Attendance

- John 9e9e9
- Paul Howard
- Marc Meunier
- IonuÈ› Mihalcea
- Patrick Uiterwijk
- Hugues de Valon

## Agenda

1. Fresh news on Parsec work
2. Defining stability in Parsec

## Minutes

- John made [a huge PR](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/parsec-client-go/pull/5) bringing the Go
   client up to speed. Issues to open to resolve remaining problems.
- John is working on Parsec in his spare time and is interested in the abstraction provided by
   Parsec and the ease of use, prompted by the difficulty of using PKCS11 and TEEs directly.
   Interested in Rust and in Go.
- Taking example on the Go [crypto](https://golang.org/pkg/crypto/) might be a good idea for the Go
   client top level APIs so that the library would be idiomatic and natural to use for Go
   developpers.
- How to define/express stability throughout the Parsec project? Need to define it somewhere for
   different things:
   - Stability of contracts/communication between the client and the service. It should be backward
      compatible
   - Stability of the client libraries API (semantic versioning should be respected)
   - Stability of different pieces used by the service: the KIM mappings on disk, the configuration
      file, etc

*Copyright 2021 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
