# Parsec Community Meeting (24/08/2021) ðŸ“‹

Minutes of previous meeting are stored
[here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/community/tree/main/minutes).

## Attendance

- Matt Davis
- Sam Davis
- Paul Howard
- Wiktor Kwapisiewicz
- Hugues de Valon

## Agenda

- Update on the 0.8.0 release

## Minutes

- A different version of `bindgen` used by `psa-crypto-sys` before [this
   PR](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/rust-psa-crypto/pull/93). Hard to check that we use the
   same versions of all crate everywhere for Fedora packaging.
- An important TPM Provider bug appeared. See [this
   issue](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/parsec/issues/504) for a summary of where we are.
- Similar persistence problem is also happening when importing keys (was shown after a Slack
   discussion). New issue to be created.

*Copyright 2021 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
