# Parsec Community Meeting (29/06/2021) ðŸ“‹

Minutes of previous meeting are stored
[here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/community/tree/main/minutes).

## Attendance

- Paul Howard
- Ionut Mihalcea
- Patrick Uiterwijk

## Agenda

1. Update on the key attestation proposal

## Minutes

- Agreed to go on with ActivateCredential as the sole key attestation mechanism for the first
   version of the API.
- Since we expect the logic that decides which mechanism to use for an attestation to be between the
   Parsec client and their client, no discovery mechanism is necessary: the Parsec client should
   know precisely what they want with no input from us.

*Copyright 2021 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
