# Parsec Community Meeting (02/02/2021) ðŸ“‹

## Attendance

- Paul Howard
- Marc Meunier
- IonuÈ› Mihalcea
- Patrick Uiterwijk
- Hugues de Valon

## Agenda

1. Review the backlog and prioritize some tasks to be done

## Minutes

- Patrick created a GitHub action to check if a pull-request is making any breaking change and
   applying a label in function, using
   [rust-semverver](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-semverver). Will be tested on the tss-esapi
   crate but can be useful everywhere else to ensure that the SemVer rules are respected.
- Future 2021 roadmap is under discussion, not fully clear at the moment. Ensuring stability in
   Parsec and libraries will be a big part of it.
- As part of making deployment tutorial materials showing a round trip of encryption/decryption,
   `parsec-tool` needs to be enhanced with more operations and extra functionality. Issues have been
   created in the repo to address that.
- Need for an investigation issue about adding authentication operation to be sure that a key is
   resident of a Parsec provider. This will fall under the "attestation" piece of the roadmap and is
   thus still being debated.
- Add of `small`, `medium` an `large` GitHub issue labels to size them and show roughly how long it
   would take to finish a task. After that, there is a need to go through the backlog, make sure it
   is clean, and label them appropriately.

*Copyright 2021 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
