# Parsec Community Meeting (13/04/2021) ðŸ“‹

Minutes of previous meeting are stored
[here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/community/tree/master/minutes).

## Attendance

- Paul Howard
- Ionut Mihalcea
- Hugues de Valon

## Agenda

1. Adding new values to our enum-like types in the operation contracts?

## Minutes

- Open-close: No destructive changes to interfaces in place. Destructive in protobuf? Strategy to
   track PSA Crypto versions? New APIs easier to add as introduced with new opcodes. Not scalable to
   re-define everything everytime. What is the impact in terms of the stability requirements? If the
   service is older than the client, it could receive data it can't handle. Similar in the reverse
   direction. Fact finding if the change is made: what is the impact? Check protobuf enums/oneof
   fields.
- Stability: things should still "work". Reasonnable to not work if things are not supported but the
   rest should work. What sort of degradation? Return list of supported key types is ok but
   crash/panic is not.
- Not in a hurry in a security perspective.
- Client asking for capabilities in the service. Not ideal to attach semantic on service version,
   dynamic discoveries better.
- If the opcode to query capabilities is not there: clients restrict to 1.0.0.
- Could say PSA Crypto 1.0.0 is the Parsec interface, older versions need a runtime check.
   Capabilities checks: opcodes, parameters.
- Update on SPIFFE authenticator
- Publicize the roadmap for the 0.8.0 release? 6 months after. Communicate expectations.
- Another 0.8.x before trying a 1.x.y, and communicate about that, 6 months after. Releases as
   first-class citizen in the project, set in advance, planned, cadenced.
- Planning session as a community meeting

*Copyright 2021 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
