# Parsec Community Meeting (20/04/2021) ðŸ“‹

Minutes of previous meeting are stored
[here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/community/tree/master/minutes).

## Attendance

- Paul Howard
- Marc Meunier
- Ionut Mihalcea
- Hugues de Valon

## Agenda

1.

## Minutes

- Importing new features from PSA Crypto API? We will have to at some point. Anything not 1.0.x not
   "standard" Parsec. Anything 1.0.x can be assumed to exist. Anything added can not be assumed to
   exist. Line drawn and if beyond, discovery is needed (similarly like ListOpcodes but for
   parameters). How to check between interface support vs implementation support? Not way currently
   for clients to discover that.
- Strictly following open/close is painful if done often but might be ok if less.
- Some analysis of protobuf done [here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/parsec/issues/388).
- Deserialising hash value not recognised would yield `None` which can be translated to
   `PsaErrorNotSupported`.
- Discovery mechanism if the service is newer than the client? Challenge of the design.
- New policy for wrapping keys? New fields in protobuf messages.
- Downgrade not support -> communication between service and mappings.
- Keep at 1.0.0 for now.
- Next meeting: roadmap planning, try a 6 months cadence maybe? Fixed dates, variable scope. March
   and September releases for example. Rules about branching (code freeze dates?).

*Copyright 2021 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
