# Parsec Community Meeting (30/08/2022) ðŸ“‹

Minutes of the previous meetings are stored
[here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/community/tree/main/minutes).

## Attendance

- Mohamed Omar Asaker
- Sam Davis
- Adam Johnston
- Gowtham Suresh Kumar
- Ionut Mihalcea
- Xueliang Zhong

## Agenda

1. Proposal for admin rights for Gowtham and Mohamed
2. Presentation on the ongoing prototyping work towards supporting attestation in TLS

## Minutes

1. Mohamed and Gowtham will be stepping up as project admins for the `parallaxsecond` organization.
   - In recognition of their work across the whole Parsec project stack, they have been proposed as
      admins for the Parsec repos.
   - Both of them have accepted the proposal and will take over in time for the upcoming planned
      release.
2. Sam presented some high-level details of a proof-of-concept currently in development.
   - It aims to enable Parsec to support the addition of attestation in MbedTLS.
   - Slides for the presentation can be found [on the Slack
      channel](https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/C01EARH2ZB3/p1661874563845589).

*Copyright 2022 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
