# Parsec Community Meeting (15/02/2022) ðŸ“‹

Minutes of previous meeting are stored
[here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/community/tree/main/minutes).

## Attendance

- Anton Antonov
- Wiktor Kwapisiewicz
- Marc Meunier
- Ionut Mihalcea

## Agenda

1. Updates on the Parsec 1.0.0 release
2. Discussion on pursuit of integrations.

## Minutes

1. Final preparations on-going:
   - Stable TSS and Cryptoki crates have been released.
   - Testing the service in preparation for a release candidate is ongoing.
2. We would like to start working on integrations necessary to reach CNCF incubation by September.
   - Wiktor would be happy to put his developer advocacy expertise to use to help us move in that
      direction.
   - The goal is to have a number of showcase items for presentation at events later this year. An
      example would be an integration into the Kernel Org build signing system.
   - A [Go Signer](https://pkg.go.dev/crypto@go1.17.7#Signer) implementation would also be useful.

*Copyright 2022 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
