# Parsec Community Meeting (18/10/2022) ðŸ“‹

Minutes of the previous meetings are stored
[here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/community/tree/main/minutes).

## Attendance

- Mohamed Omar Asaker
- Adam Johnston
- Ionut Mihalcea
- Xueliang Zhong
- Gowtham Suresh Kumar

## Agenda

1. Parsec yocto update status for 1.1.0
2. Crates dependency check (tool and service) frequency

## Minutes

1. Meta-parsec patches have been tested for TPM, PKCS11, Mbed crypto and TS providers on QEMU
   platform. The yocto buildpaths QA check has been temporarily disabled. An issue has been created
   on both parsec and parsec-tool repos to fix this. The issue most likely is due to the rust remap
   flag not acting upon the underlying C libraries.
2. Mohamed has used his own script to check for crates dependency during the 1.1.0 release. We could
   integrate it to our CI with further enhancements if needed. Check the gitlab configuration to
   trigger this check in the pipelines for MR only if any changes are done on the toml files.

*Copyright 2022 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
