# Parsec Community Meeting (17/05/2022) ðŸ“‹

Minutes of previous meeting are stored
[here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/community/tree/main/minutes).

## Attendance

- Anton Antonov
- Mohamed Omar Asaker
- Paul Howard
- Wiktor Kwapisiewicz
- Gowtham Suresh Kumar
- Ionut Mihalcea
- Xueliang Zhong

## Agenda

1. Updates on dev work
2. Parsec Docker hub organisation?

## Minutes

1. A few updates and discussions around testing:
   - Parsec was successfully tested with the PKCS11 TA in QEMU; this brought up the question of
      whether we should do more testing like this, for example on the CI - however our current
      battery of tests is sufficient; QEMU tests would only be verifying the underlying compilers,
      since we wouldn't be able to use hardware tokens with it.
   - Another question that came up: should we enable code-coverage tracking on the CI as well, for
      incoming PRs, to make sure we don't drop coverage? Ideally yes - we already have code coverage
      numbers for some of our repos, but we don't yet have a template for how to integrate this in
      PRs.
2. CNCF projects (and thus Parsec as well) are entitled to store images in Docker hub under their
   Open Source organization program.
   - However we've not managed to create the org via the paid programme stream, which was needed in
      order to then link it to the open source program.
   - Other avenues will be attempted!

*Copyright 2022 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
