# Parsec Community Meeting (01/11/2022) ðŸ“‹

Minutes of the previous meetings are stored
[here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/community/tree/main/minutes).

## Attendance

- Mohamed Omar Asaker
- Adam Johnston
- Ionut Mihalcea
- Xueliang Zhong
- Paul Howard
- Gowtham Suresh Kumar
- Gokhan Gokce

## Agenda

1. rust-pkcs11 crate deprication and ownership discussion
2. discuss Roadmap

## Minutes

1. There are multiple options here. We don't take the ownership of pkcs11 crate and continue with
   cryptoki, rename crypotki to pkcs11 and continue maintenance or we handover the cryptoki crate to
   rust crypto community and retain the maintainer status. Each of the ways have different pros and
   cons to it. The community was inclined towards the third option of handing over the crate to rust
   crypto community as the visibility and contributions would be much higher and having the
   maintainer role would help us to get our changes in soon. Gowtham and Mohamed will further check
   on this.
2. Gokhan will come with proposed items for the future work.
3. Pending post release activities for 1.1.0 release needs to be updated. Mohamed will be updating
   the release discussion.

*Copyright 2022 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
