# Parsec Community Meeting (25/01/2022) ðŸ“‹

Minutes of previous meeting are stored
[here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/community/tree/main/minutes).

## Attendance

- Anton Antonov
- Paul Howard
- Wiktor Kwapisiewicz
- Marc Meunier
- Ionut Mihalcea

## Agenda

1. Updates for the 1.0.0 Parsec service release.
2. Discussion of `cargo-audit` report handling.
3. Enable `Rebase and Merge` in the `rust-cryptoki` repo

## Minutes

1. Last preparations before the upcoming Parsec release:
   - Given the lack of feedback or reasons not to go ahead, the new release will be tagged as 1.0.0
      (instead of 0.9.0), as per [this](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/parsec/discussions/576)
      discussion.
   - We're waiting on a stable release for the `tss-esapi` crate which will allow us to base Parsec
      on a non-alpha-version dependency.
   - We should notify the package maintainers at Red Hat and openSUSE about the new features we're
      shipping and the dependencies that come with them.
   - Once the `tss-esapi` stable release happens, that should be communicated widely as well.
2. One long-standing issue we've had is [the
   report](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/parsec/issues/544) from `cargo-audit` which highlights
   a number of issues in dependencies on the Spiffe authenticator side, notably to do with
   time-related crates (`time` and `chrono`).
   - Solving these issue is non-trivial because our own dependencies have not moved on this yet.
      We're vulnerable through the `spiffe` crate, which uses `chrono` itself, but also a number of
      other crates that ultimately depend on `chrono` or (a vulnerable version of) `time`. So a
      complete fix would require us to implement fixes at least two layers deep in our dependency
      tree.
   - An even more basic issue is that we don't even know if we are indeed affected - the security
      advisory was raised for some very specific functions which we can't necessarily track up to
      our code. Checking whether any of our processing paths actually leads to use of one of those
      functions would be a manual job.
   - This sort of approach isn't scalable, particularly because the Parsec service has hundreds of
      crates it depends on, in a fairly deep dependency tree. We can't fix each and every issue
      `cargo-audit` throws at us.
   - Paul has taken an action to ask for advice from the security TAG on how to handle such issues.
      Ionut will also seek out other projects that might've encountered the same problem.
3. @vkkoskie, one of our community `cryptoki` contributors, has asked for the `Rebase and Merge`
   option to be enabled.
   - We've previously discussed and rejected the option of enabling more such options on
      Parsec-specific repos, however we've also agreed to let the other repos be guided by their
      respective communities.
   - Anton, Paul, Wiktor, and Ionut have all agreed to proceed with enabling this option.
4. Parsec to be presented at [Mobile World Conference](https://www.mwcbarcelona.com/).

*Copyright 2022 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
