# Parsec Community Meeting (15/03/2022) ðŸ“‹

Minutes of previous meeting are stored
[here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/community/tree/main/minutes).

## Attendance

- Anton Antonov
- Paul Howard
- Wiktor Kwapisiewicz
- Ionut Mihalcea

## Agenda

1. Updates on the Parsec 1.0.0 release
2. Parsec presentation at Open Security Summit

## Minutes

1. Release candidate 3 is expected soon, after feedback from Red Hat
   - Patrick has opened a PR to remove the dependency on `primal` from the `tss-esapi` crate, as it
      ballooned the dependency tree; this change will be released as a patch update to 7.0.0
   - Apart from importing this new version of `tss-esapi`, some of the Parsec service dependencies,
      particularly the `picky-` crates, have been flagged by Peter Robinson as mismatch with those
      in `parsec-tool`
   - The `regex` crate is also being updated to remove [the vulnerability
      report](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/parsec/issues/587) coming from `cargo-audit`
   - Once this new RC is out we will begin our testing
2. Paul held a presentation on Parsec at Open Security Summit - see it
   [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JNaMTZI5Fp8)

*Copyright 2022 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
