# Parsec Community Meeting (27/09/2022) ðŸ“‹

Minutes of the previous meetings are stored
[here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/community/tree/main/minutes).

## Attendance

- Mohamed Omar Asaker
- Paul Howard
- Adam Johnston
- Ionut Mihalcea
- Xueliang Zhong
- Anton Antonov
- Gowtham Suresh Kumar

## Agenda

1. 1.1.0 release status

## Minutes

1. For the 1.1.0 release maintainers are currently awaiting response from the distros team. It is
   decided that we proceed with the release by the end of the week (30th September) even if we don't
   get a response from the distros team. If there is an issue reported post release, we should be
   able to do a point release. Paul will drop a follow-up mail to Peter Robinson (Fedora point of
   contact).
2. Current maintainers need to come up with concrete hardware testing plan describing boards to be
   used for each provider and also the tests to be covered on each of them.

*Copyright 2022 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
