# Parsec Community Meeting (10/05/2022) ðŸ“‹

Minutes of previous meeting are stored
[here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/community/tree/main/minutes).

## Attendance

- Anton Antonov
- Mohamed Omar Asaker
- Paul Howard
- Gowtham Suresh Kumar
- Wiktor Kwapisiewicz
- Ionut Mihalcea
- Xueliang Zhong

## Agenda

1. Updates on dev work

## Minutes

1. Contributions to both Parsec-specific and community repos ongoing.
   - The Hello Parsec repo is slowly being assembled, though it lacks testing/CI (which will come
      later - the current effort by Paul is only intended to seed a demo).
   - A question still remains around where the container image will be hosted - potentially in
      Docker Hub? We'll gather more information before deciding.
   - Work is starting on the Parsec service to enable PKCS11 RNG support, with the end goal of
      supporting GreenGrass + Parsec on platforms with PKCS11.
   - Community PRs have been coming in for the Cryptoki and TSS crates, including a large PR by
      Jesper for the TSS stack.

*Copyright 2022 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
