# Parsec Community Meeting (22/11/2022) ðŸ“‹

Minutes of previous meeting are stored
[here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/community/tree/main/minutes).

## Attendance

- Adam Johnston
- Darragh Grealish (56K.Cloud)
- Ionut Mihalcea
- Mohamed Omar Asaker
- Paul Howard
- Xueliang Zhong

## Agenda

1. Status
2. Possible booth for PARSEC at ARM HUB in Embedded World 2023

## Minutes

1. Paul has submitted applications to the following events
   1. [KubeCon and CloudNativeCon
      Europe](https://10times.com/kubecon-and-cloudnativecon-europe-amsterdam)
   2. [CloudNativeSecurityCon](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/cloudnativesecuritycon-north-america/)
2. Investigating problems might block Parsec go into Debian distro Looks promissing.
3. Regarding the about taking over rust-pkcs11 and aligning it with rust-cryptoki. The community
   tends not to go that path. Unless the [RustCrypto](https://github.com/RustCrypto) group is
   willing to do spend effort in aligning/evolving rust-pkcs11.
   ref:[discussion](https://github.com/mheese/rust-pkcs11/issues/38#issuecomment-1293899209).
4. Darra is suggesting we take the opportunity to request a booth at the [Embedded Wrold
   conference](https://www.embedded-world.de/) to showcase Parsec, as it needs more visibility. Paul
   will see what he can do in the tight timeline. Submissions up to 25-Nov.

*Copyright 2022 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
