# Parsec Community Meeting (14/06/2022) ðŸ“‹

Minutes of previous meeting are stored
[here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/community/tree/main/minutes).

## Attendance

- Anton Antonov
- Mohamed Omar Asaker
- Darragh Grealish
- Paul Howard
- Gowtham Suresh Kumar
- Wiktor Kwapisiewicz
- Ionut Mihalcea
- Xueliang Zhong

## Agenda

1. How should we handle community meeting cancellations?
2. Upcoming Parsec engagements

## Minutes

1. We agreed to some new rules regarding future community meetings.
   - When we have no items on the agenda we check on Slack first whether the meeting is necessary -
      whether any discussion points exist among the community members. If not, the Zoom meeting is
      cancelled.
   - If agenda items exist, or if there is a request from any member of the community for the
      meeting to be held, the meeting will happen by default.
2. Darragh mentioned a few speaking engagements (primarily centred around the Aws GreenGrass
   integration) that are lined up for the next few months.
   - See more details [here](https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/C01EARH2ZB3/p1655222258976169).

*Copyright 2022 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
