# Parsec Community Meeting (01/02/2022) ðŸ“‹

Minutes of previous meeting are stored
[here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/community/tree/main/minutes).

## Attendance

- Anton Antonov
- Paul Howard
- Wiktor Kwapisiewicz
- Ionut Mihalcea

## Agenda

1. An update on the cargo-audit issue
2. Update on the Parsec 1.0.0 release
3. Proposal to create a roadmap document

## Minutes

1. Discussions still ongoing to determine a suitable long-term policy for dealing with dependency
   issues.
   - Paul [discussed](https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/CDJ7MLT8S/p1643191433050800) this
      issue (in its general form) with the CNCF Security TAG. The discussion is ongoing and not
      specific to Parsec, and the exact steps or policies that we should be pursuing are not
      entirely clear yet.
   - The upcoming Security TAG meeting (on 2nd of February) will be discussing this issue, so
      hopefully we will soon have a policy in place in the `SECURITY.md` file.
2. A few strands of work ongoing:
   - On the Trusted Services side Anton has been liaising with the Trusted Services developers to
      get a fix in for protobuf handling which was previously [preventing our asymmetric encryption
      integration](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/parsec/pull/406). The asymmetric encryption
      integration work has been rebased and is now open as a [different
      PR](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/parsec/pull/580), awaiting the patch to be upstreamed.
   - On the TSS side all the code changes have been merged, and we're only waiting for a change to
      the build system to check the MSRV for the crate. Wiktor was also interested in this as his
      projects that depend on the crate use an even older version of the compiler.
3. While the project [documents](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/parsec/releases) the features
   that have been delivered after the release is over, and has publicly visible
   [milestones](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/parsec/milestone/3) for the upcoming release,
   there is so far no unifying place where high-level features are proposed/documented for past and
   future releases.
   - Paul has proposed creating such a document in the community repository. The document will be
      fairly basic/linear for now, grouping past and upcoming features under the Parsec service
      release that includes/will include them.
   - See some more details
      [here](https://cloud-native.slack.com/archives/C01EARH2ZB3/p1643803983998249).

*Copyright 2022 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
