# Parsec Community Meeting (20/06/2023) ðŸ“‹

Minutes of previous meetings are stored
[here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/community/tree/main/minutes).

## Attendance

- Adam Johnston (@adamjohnstonarm)
- Ionut Mihalcea (@ionut-arm)
- TomÃ¡s AgustÃ­n GonzÃ¡lez Orlando (@tgonzalezorlandoarm)

## Agenda

1.

## Minutes

1. Review/Overview of current active PRs.
2. We should have the formatting check in only one CI build so that the formatting issues don't
   crowd out the other issues and so that all CI jobs don't fail in the same way.

*Copyright 2023 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
