# Parsec Community Meeting (27/06/2023) ðŸ“‹

Minutes of previous meetings are stored
[here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/community/tree/main/minutes).

## Attendance

- Adam Johnston (@adamjohnstonarm)
- Ionut Mihalcea (@ionut-arm)
- Gowtham Suresh Kumar (@gowthamsk-arm)
- TomÃ¡s AgustÃ­n GonzÃ¡lez Orlando (@tgonzalezorlandoarm)

## Agenda

1.

## Minutes

1. cryptoauthlib cannot be packaged in Debian because its license is specifically tied to Microchip
   products.
   - It's also unmaintained, so no need to include it in Parsec.
2. Discussion about licenses in different distributions.
3. For Debian, discussed the priorities and order for providers and packaging.
   - TPM or PKCS11 can be first, although in principle any order is acceptable.
4. The users crate is currently unmaintained and so it should be replaced. This would maybe block
   Fedora packaging.

*Copyright 2023 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
