# Parsec Community Meeting (18/04/2023) ðŸ“‹

Minutes of previous meeting are stored
[here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/community/tree/main/minutes).

## Attendance

- Adam Johnston (@adamjohnstonarm)
- Gowtham Suresh Kumar (@gowthamsk-arm)
- Paul Howard (@paulhowardarm)
- TomÃ¡s AgustÃ­n GonzÃ¡lez Orlando (@tgonzalezorlandoarm)

## Minutes

- To avoid any confusion with other open source projects named Parsec it would be better to add
   parsec book and website links to the parsec community slack channel.
- As there has been no response from RedHat on parsec 1.2 packaging, it is decided to talk to Steve
   Capper about the packaging support for Fedora. Gowtham will follow up on this.
- Xueliang has informed Steve's team to update the parsec packages in OpenSUSE Tumbleweed and Leap
   to the official 1.2 release in place of the 1.2 RCs.
- Parsec 1.2 recipes have been updated in meta-security and the patches are already on master.
   Thanks to Anton for resolving all the build issues which came up due to new changes in OE after
   the 1.2 patches were sent to the mailing list.

*Copyright 2023 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
