# Parsec Community Meeting (12/09/2023) ðŸ“‹

Minutes of previous meetings are stored
[here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/community/tree/main/minutes).

## Attendance

- Ionut Mihalcea (@ionut-arm)
- Gowtham Suresh Kumar (@gowthamsk-arm)
- TomÃ¡s AgustÃ­n GonzÃ¡lez Orlando (@tgonzalezorlandoarm)
- Minos Galanakis (@minosgalanakis)
- Dave Rodgman (@daverodgman)

## Agenda

1. Tracking main branches on parallaxsecond repositories.
2. As proposed by @ionut-arm, discuss adding @tgonzalezorlandoarm to the official maintainer list.
3. Review outstanding PRs.

## Minutes

1. @tgonzalezorlandoarm was added as a Parsec maintainer.
2. Tracking main branches for parallaxsecond repositories can help foresee issues that may arise
   during release. The discussion about this will be held in
   https://github.com/parallaxsecond/parsec-tool/pull/103 . There is the alternative of doing main
   branch tracking on CI only, ignoring the Cargo.lock file.

*Copyright 2023 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
