# Parsec Community Meeting (14/03/2023) ðŸ“‹

Minutes of previous meeting are stored
[here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/community/tree/main/minutes).

## Attendance

- Adam Johnston
- Gowtham Suresh Kumar
- Paul Howard
- Anton Antonov
- Victor Lu

## Agenda

- 1.2 release update

## Minutes

- Gowtham has resolved all issues related to bindgen in cryptoki crate. The new version of bindgen
   has some modifications due to which call backs are necessary for the generation of bindings with
   correct types.
- The bindgen versions used by parsec crates is now aligned to 0.63.0.
- Gowtham will verify that the meta-security builds are successful with these changes before raising
   an MR.

*Copyright 2023 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
