# Parsec Community Meeting (21/02/2023) ðŸ“‹

Minutes of previous meeting are stored
[here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/community/tree/main/minutes).

## Attendance

- Adam Johnston
- Gowtham Suresh Kumar
- Ionut Mihalcea
- Mohamed Omar Asaker
- Paul Howard

## Agenda

- Debian packaging status
- Security reports update

## Minutes

1. Emanuele has packaged all the dependency crates for mbed crypto backend of Parsec and it has been
   accepted in Bookworm release. The parsec package will be pushed to Sid release once all crates
   for other backends are packaged.
2. Ionut and Gowtham have resolved all the security issues reported for Parsec. Most of them were
   not relevant to the parsec service except for rusqlite. This will be fixed by updating the crate
   version. MR will be raised by Gowtham.
3. The parsec book should be updated with the new release expectation checklist including the tests
   that should pass, distro packaging, hardware and backends to be tested.
4. Make an announcement in the slack channel about the release and provide regular updates on it.

*Copyright 2023 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
