# Parsec Community Meeting (06/06/2023) ðŸ“‹

Minutes of previous meetings are stored
[here](https://github.com/parallaxsecond/community/tree/main/minutes).

## Attendance

- Adam Johnston (@adamjohnstonarm)
- Ionut Mihalcea (@ionut-arm)
- TomÃ¡s AgustÃ­n GonzÃ¡lez Orlando (@tgonzalezorlandoarm)
- Paul Howard (@paulhowardarm)

## Agenda

1.

## Minutes

1. From now on, the community meetings will have a recurring item in the agenda: Assessment of open
   PRs in the repositories of the parallaxsecond organization.
   - This item will help (on a weekly basis) in raising awareness of the existence of those PRs and
      in organizing the work to be done.
   - The idea is not to assess all of the open PRs but only those that were open since the last
      community meeting's assessment.

*Copyright 2023 Contributors to the Parsec project.*
